c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\obj\Debug\Bolao.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\obj\Debug\Bolao.Cadastro.Cabecalho.resources
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\obj\Debug\Bolao.Cadastro._Default.resources
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\obj\Debug\Bolao.Global.asax.resources
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\obj\Debug\Bolao.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\Bolao.dll.config
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\Bolao.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\Bolao.pdb
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\NCalc.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\W3.Library.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\obj\Debug\Bolao.dll
c:\users\fabricio.melo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bolao\Bolao\obj\Debug\Bolao.pdb
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\Bolao.dll.config
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\Bolao.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\Bolao.pdb
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\Aspose.Cells.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\NCalc.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\W3.Library.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\obj\Debug\Bolao.Cadastro.Cabecalho.resources
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\obj\Debug\Bolao.Cadastro._Default.resources
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\obj\Debug\Bolao.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\obj\Debug\Bolao.dll
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\obj\Debug\Bolao.pdb
C:\Work\App\Bolao\Bolao\obj\Debug\Bolao.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
